fix enable messages (#283)
oasis-open/cti-stix-elevator: docs/command-line.rst

associated code number to ``--enable`` or ``--disable`` a message. By default, the
stix2-elevator displays all messages.

The --enable and --disable arguments cannot be used at the same time.  When a message code is not specified in the --enable
option it will not be displayed.  When a message code is not specified in the --disable

> option it will be displayed.  If the number of messages codes to be both enable and disable are both large, it is sufficient

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option it will be displayed.  If the number of messages codes to be both enabled and disabled are both large, it is sufficient
```

Author: Done
